AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos they say the night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage to hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run away
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A BLACK GHOST?
Do you like games, Tanaka?
Huh?
-If you have 100 lives in a video game...
-[sighs]
...you can come back to life 100 times.
But all games have cheats.
What would happen
if you were to use two lives at once?
What happens to the extra life?
Think of it like that.
Once you get the hang of it,
you'll be able to use it, too.
[IBM] Did you know...
when an Ajin regenerates,
any missing pieces meld back
with the largest piece?
But if a piece is too far away,
it's simply regrown.
What if that piece was your head?
Gives you a chill, doesn't it?
Hey!
What?!
You, too?
[Izumi] I wonder how long it's been
since I've brought out Kuro.
[Tanaka] What am I supposed to do now?
I wasn't taught how to fight
another one of these.
[Izumi] I've never fought
one of these before.
How do I defeat it?
Wait, is it even possible?
[Tanaka] I'm probably linked to this thing
through the head.
[Izumi] Since it's shaped like a human,
I should aim for...
[Tanaka] It regenerated...?
What?!
It's not regenerating?!
My vision link...
My consciousness... is scattering.
It's... pulverized. No.
[Izumi] It damages both?
So, blunt attacks are effective.
I lost the link?!
Damn! So, the head really was
the weak point.
So, there's no point in slashing.
Blunt-force attacks are the only thing
that's effective.
[chuckles]
Good to know.
[sighs]
[Izumi] I'll have to call in
the special team for this.
But it's a good thing
Mr. Tosaki wasn't here.
And I was able to protect the girl.
[gasps]
Damn it!
That was just a diversion.
There was someone else!
[Tosaki] This footage
is from a month ago...
when Lab Number 2 was attacked.
So, this is the "variant power"
we've heard of.
[Tosaki] Yes. The incident brought
the existence of variants to light.
We also learned the Shinya Nakamura
incident last year involved a variant.
Wait a second. What about the "voice"?
There's so much new information
popping up, I can't keep up.
The voice has been explained
as causing a tonal immobility reaction.
[Koma] "Tonal immobility"?
It's found in certain insects
as a defensive tactic.
In response to stimulus from
a stronger life form, the muscles tense up
and are unable to move for a time.
Yes, but so far the voice hasn't been
a problem in any country.
[Wakai] Since earplugs
are sufficient protection.
It's also reported
to have a lessened effect on people
who know the particular Ajin well
or people who don't know it's an Ajin.
What we should be--
[phone ringing]
[Futoi] You should at least
turn off your cell.
Pardon me.
We're currently carrying out
an important experiment, as well.
SHIMOMURA
[gasps]
What?! What is this? What's going on?!
I don't know where my brother is!
I'm sorry, I think you misunderstand us.
The truth is,
we just want to protect Kei Nagai.
[Eriko] Protect?
From... From what...?
From all sorts of things.
The government, people after his bounty,
even foreign operatives.
I think you saw firsthand at the hospital,
there are dangerous people after Kei.
Who are you?
[laughs] How rude of me.
AJIN REHABILITATION COMMITTEE
SATO
"Ajin Rehabilitation Committee."
Mr. Sato?
[Sato] Kei is currently in
a very dangerous situation.
We want to find and rescue him.
So, then, um...
you'll save my brother
and the person helping him, too?
Yes, of course we will...
if you cooperate with us.
Okay.
[Kei] Well, I've been on death's door
for half a day.
So, it's no surprise
if I'm hallucinating.
Although, I'm thinking clearly now.
First thing, I need to decide
what I'm going to do next.
Kai's idea of going to Kyushu won't work.
That's obvious.
And staying on this mountain forever
is out of the question.
Which leaves me with one option:
contacting other Ajins.
If I can talk with them,
I should be able to learn something.
But there are only two Ajins
other than me in the country.
And one of them is being held
by the government.
Wait, no, there should be more.
According to the Ministry of Health,
Labor and Welfare,
over a million people die
in Japan per year.
That means two people die every minute.
So, there should be more Ajins in hiding.
If I can get in contact, I can learn how
they live without being discovered.
But the problem is
how to contact them--
[Kaito] Kei.
I'm back.
Oh. Yeah. Welcome back. [gasps]
[Kaito] Huh? What is it?
Huh? Oh. Nothing.
Let's rest until nightfall.
We can switch off every hour.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Here.
[Kaito yawns]
Kai.
Thanks.
So, uh...
are you really telling me the truth?
Will you help Kai?
Hmm. You have my word.
And you wanna know
what kind of person my brother is?
Yeah, just tell us anything
that comes to mind.
I'm not just saying this
because I found out my brother's an Ajin.
If I had to describe him in one word...
[mother] You can't play
with Kaito anymore.
[Kei] Why? You can't just tell me
without a reason.
Okay, are you listening?
Kaito is the son of a criminal.
[Kei] Oh, well, in that case...
I was only hanging out with him
'cause he was always alone.
My brother... is the worst.
[Sato] Hmm.
That's a pretty bold statement.
Is there anything else
you can remember?
Not really. That's about it.
[Sato] I see. Thanks.
Well, then, that's all we need from you.
Huh?
What?
[whimpers]
What are you...?
[Kaito grunts]
[Kei] I need the Internet
to find other Ajins.
And for that, I need Kai's cell phone
since he hasn't been identified yet.
But that's not
the only reason why I need it.
There's another possibility.
Other Ajins might be searching for me.
If that's the case, they would do it
through a certain person.
[cell phone buzzes, then Kei gasps]
ERIKO
[Kei] Yes.
Eriko.
But the same goes for the police.
I don't think Eriko would tell the police
about Kai,
but I need to make sure anyway.
[woman on machine] No one can take
your call right now.
Please leave a message after the tone.
[Kei] Humans or Ajins...
[Sato over phone] Have you ever seen...
a black ghost?
[gasps]
This is Nagai.
[laughing]
I didn't think you'd answer yourself.
[Kei] You're Ajins, right?
Indeed we are.
Why do you have my sister's phone?
To find out,
come to the place we tell you to.
Do you have transportation?
[Kei] Yeah.
[Kei] There are probably two types
of Ajins living in secret.
A quiet type that keeps to himself
and a dangerous type.
And if that danger threatens
innocent people...
[engine revs]
If that happens...
I'll kill them.
[coughs]
[Kei] Damn, I may die of dehydration.
But if I die, where does the sodium
and water I lost come back from?
If this talk
with the other Ajins goes south,
even if I can't be killed,
I could be captured instead.
But that doesn't matter now.
I have no choice...
but to meet them.
What's with the outfit?
I'm sorry,
I didn't have a change of clothes.
I tried to choose
the plainest clothes in--
Your report.
Right. Eriko Nagai was taken
three hours ago.
"Tanaka" and "The Hat Guy" were
the ones--
I don't care about that.
I want to hear about how the battle
between the black ghosts went.
Yes, of course.
[phone rings]
-Well--
-Wait.
This is Detective Araki.
Eriko Nagai's cell phone has been used
just once after her abduction.
The station figured out
the area it called from.
Follow the source of that signal.
Whoever has their hands on that cell phone
seems to be trying to reach Kei Nagai.
Understood.
It's a nice, quiet place, isn't it?
No visitors ever come,
and even the priest almost never shows up.
[Kei] Mr. Sato and--
[gasps]
[Kaito] Huh?
Kei?
He went off by himself.
Kei!
[grunting]
[Eriko] Kai...
I don't think my brother's coming.
[Kaito] Yeah.
He called me.
Summer again, huh?
[groans]
[Sato] We figured this was the fastest way
to get you to believe us.
[Kei] You're real.
Should I do it, too?
[Sato] No, you don't need to.
You're already famous.
So is he.
[Kei] Tanaka?!
The second Ajin in the country.
There was nothing on the news.
Did he actually break out?
He looks dangerous.
[Tanaka scoffs]
Well, then, let's get straight
to the point.
Just as I said on the phone,
we're prepared to welcome you.
What you do now is up to you.
Before I decide,
I have three questions to ask.
[Sato] Only three?
Ask as many as you like.
First question. What'd you do to Eriko?
[Sato] We let her go.
What?
[gasps] What?
[man] Oh. It's okay, miss.
We're almost at the hospital.
[Sato] By now she should be on her way
back to the hospital, but...
I'm terribly sorry.
This must sound like an excuse, but...
this was the only way
we had to meet with you.
I'm sure we really frightened your sister.
If she's okay, it's fine.
I was just a little worried.
Please, stop bowing.
I am really very sorry.
Anyway, please continue.
[Kei] Okay.
My second question...
is more about your daily life.
I want to know how you live.
How do you get by?
I'm sure you must have been
treated terribly by many people
since you learned you were an Ajin.
[Kei] Yeah. Well...
[Sato] But that's no reason
to hate all humans indiscriminately.
Or at least that's what I believe.
More human than human.
That's our motto.
We live quietly. That's our daily life.
Although, he doesn't seem to approve much.
[Tanaka scoffs]
[Sato] Now, then,
what do you want to do, Nagai?
It's true, I have been treated terribly.
There are definitely horrible humans
out there.
But like you, Mr. Sato,
I don't see humans as enemies.
Mm.
All I want is to live
a normal, quiet life.
[Tanaka chuckles]
Nagai, I understand
your feelings perfectly.
But, look, there's one thing
I want you to remember.
I told you our motto was to live quietly.
But if something awful
should happen to you,
or if you're captured,
then that's a different story.
If that should happen, I swear,
I will do whatever it takes to rescue you.
Just like I rescued him.
[Kei] Maybe...
I can trust this person.
So, then, what's your final question?
[Kei] Oh, sorry.
It's about this vision
of a black ghost-- [gasps]
-[Sato] A tranquilizer gun!
-The police?!
[Sato] Get down, Nagai! We're under fire!
Nagai! Stay with me, Nagai!
Mr. Sato... Run...
[Sato] Well, he didn't pass.
[Tanaka] So, what do we do?
We have to educate him.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪